## Part 1: Install a Linux VM
This class covers use of the APIs provided by the operating system to running programs. OS APIs and behavior differ, so we’re going to look at a concrete example: A modern Debian-based Linux.

In order to be able to develop and test on this platform, you should have it installed locally.

Install Debian 12 (64-bit) or Linux Mint 22.1 in a VirtualBox VM on your own computer.

See the course site for more details.

Make sure to allocate enough RAM and disk space, and to install development tools as described on the site.

Use the “apt” tool to install “screenfetch” program in your VM.

Run “screenfetch -N > screenfetch.txt” and include the screenfetch.txt file in the tarball you submit for this assignment.

Some notes on the VM:

You’re not required to use this VM for future assignments, but doing so is recommended. A full Linux system is necessary to complete some assignments.
If you decide to share a directory between your VM and host OS, you should not work in that directory. Several assignments will not function correctly in a shared directory and need to be run on a normal local Linux filesystem.
This task is required even if you’re running Linux natively on your computer. I’ll admit the requirement is silly if you’re already running Debian or Mint, but that just makes it both silly and required.
## Part 2: C and Assembly
C and Assembly programs are structured the same way: as a collection of functions, possibly spread across multiple source files.

But C and Assembly are even more closely related: they both have the same concept of a “function”. A function written in either language can be called transparently from the other.

In this assignment, we’ll confirm that you have a development environment that allows you to write, build, and run programs written in C and Assembly.

### A note on tools
It is recommended that you work using your Linux VM from Part 1 with the vim or neovim editor. (“sudo apt install neovim”)

Create a neovim config:

```
mkdir -p ~/.config/nvim
echo "set mouse= tabstop=4 shiftwidth=4 expandtab" > ~/.config/nvim/init.vim
```
Using the Debian VM is optional, but strongly recommended. Some assignments will not work in alternate setups like Mac OS or WSL. If your host OS is a modern Linux distribution everything should work fine there.

Using the vim editor is optional, but recommended. If you insist on using (or starting with) an editor where Ctrl+C is copy, I recommend Kate (“sudo apt install kate”). Try to avoid very simple editors like nano/mousepad or IDEs like Visual Studio Code - those are not the right tools for this class.

### Using homework tarballs
The starter code for this assignment is distributed as a .tar.gz archive (a “gzipped tarball”).

 * You can unpack this tarball with: tar xzvf [file].tar.gz
 * The starter code is unpacked into a directory. You want to keep this directory and nested directory structure so as to not confuse the autograding scripts.
 * Once you’ve completed your work in the assignment directory, you can pack it up into a new tarball for submission with: tar czvf [new-file].tar.gz [the-directory]
Example:

```
$ tar xzvf starter-hw01.tar.gz
... tarball is unpacked
$ mv starter-hw01 alicesmith-hw01
$ cd alicesmith-hw01
$ vim foo.c
... modify the starter code
$ cd ..
$ tar czvf alicesmith-hw01.tar.gz alicesmith-hw01
... new tarball is created
```

### Task 1:
Create a C source file, “square.c”, containing a function called “square” that squares a long integer.
Run “make square” and “./square 5” to verify that the provided assembly code in “square-main.s” can call your function.
### Task 2:
Create an assembly source file, “cube.s”, containing a function called “cube” that cubes a long integer (e.g. cube(3) = 27).
You are expected to write the assembly code. Compiler output won’t be accepted.
Run “make cube” and “./cube 5” to verify that the provided C code in “cube-main.c” can call your function.
### Task 3:
Run “perl test.pl” to make sure that the autograder will be happy with your code. Fix any issues.
### To Submit:
A tarball containing a single top-level directory with:
The starter code and your modifications.
No object files or executables. Run “make clean” before packing your tarball.
Your screenfetch output from Part 1, named “screenfetch.txt”
Make sure you don’t change the test script or Makefile.
No extra hidden files.
