Task 1: Fibonacci Numbers
The Fibonacci function is defined as:

fib(0) = 0
fib(1) = 1
fib(x) = fib(x-1) + fib(x-2) when x > 1
Write first a C program and then an AMD64 assembly program that calcuates the x-th Fibonacci number defined above and prints the result as shown in the interactions below. You should use the naive implementation with a fib function that makes two recursive calls. Invalid input should print a usage message. Your two programs should have identical behavior.

Sample interactions:

$ ./afib 0
fib(0) = 0
$ ./cfib 10
fib(10) = 55
$ ./afib
Usage: ./fib N, where N >= 0
$ ./cfib -4
Usage: ./fib N, where N >= 0
$
Each function in your assembly program should follow the conventions discussed in class, including the key elements of the “ASM design recipe” (functions should follow the skeleton, include variable mapping comments).

Task 2: Command Line Calculator
Write both a C program and an AMD64 assembly program that take a simple arithmetic expression on the command line and print the result formatted as shown in the interactions below. Your two programs should have identical behavior.

You should support the the following arithemetic operations on long integers: (+, -, *, /). Invalid input should print a usage message.

$ ./acalc 1 + 4
1 + 4 = 5
$ ./ccalc 2 "*" 7
2 * 7 = 14
$ ./acalc 2 / 70
2 / 70 = 0
$ ./ccalc
Usage:
  ./ccalc N op N
$ ./acalc 2 AND 7
Usage:
  ./acalc N op N
Note: You need to quote “*” to make the shell happy. The argument is still just a single character.

To Submit:
A tarball containing the starter code and your modifications.
That should be a single directory containing your source code; feel free to rename the directory.
Make sure you don’t change the test script or Makefile.
No binaries or object files.
No extra hidden files.
