## Part 1: Wordcount
Complete the program in wordcount.c, which takes the path to a text file as the first command line argument and prints out all the words that appear more than once in that file along with how many times those words appear.

In your solution, mmap(2) should be used for all file I/O as well as for all dynamic memory allocation.

Specifically:

 * A word is a series of letters.
 * All words are converted to lowercase before processing.
 * The words are printed out in alphabetical order.
Your program should not:

 * Call read(2) or write(2) on any file descriptor other than stdout or stderr, including indirectly through stdio functions.
 * Use any mechanism for file I/O other than mmap(2).
 * Call malloc or use any other mechanism for dynamic memory allocation other than mmap(2).
 * Should not allocate any buffers on the stack or as global data that are dynamicly sized or have a constant size larger than 100 bytes.
 * Use mmap for a bunch of anonymous allocations smaller than 4kb.
 * Your program should build with no warnings.
Your program should behave just like the “answer.pl” perl script. Try running “./answer.pl xmas.txt” for example output.

Check out the following manpages for stuff that might be useful in your solution:

```
$ man 2 mmap
$ man 2 munmap
$ man 2 open
$ man 2 close
$ man 3 strlen
$ man 3 strcmp
$ man 3 isalpha
$ man 3 tolower
$ man 2 stat
$ man 3type stat
$ man 3 memcpy
```

## Part 2: Report
Create a file, report.md, that includes the following questions and your answers to them:

 * How does your program deal with dynamic memory allocations?
 * Given that the kernel will only really allocate 4kB pages that a program writes to, how much memory gets allocated for your program’s anonymous mappings when running on xmas.txt? Why?
 * How much memory gets allocated for anonymous mappings when your program runs on meditations.txt? Why?
 * What is the asymptotic complexity (big O) of your word counting in terms of the number of distinct words in the input file? Why?
