In this assignment you will build a FUSE filesystem driver that will let you mount a 1MB disk image (data file) as a filesystem.

Step 1: Install FUSE
For this assignment you will need to use your local Debian VM (or another local modern Linux). You’ll need to install the fuse3, libfuse-dev, and libbsd-dev packages. Make sure your working directory is a proper local Linux filesystem, not a remote-mounted Windows, Mac, or shared network directory.

Step 2: Implement a basic filesystem
You should extend the provided starter code so that it lets you do the following:

Create files.
List the files in the filesystem root directory (where you mounted it).
Write to small files (under 4k).
Read from small files (under 4k).
Delete files.
Rename files.
This will require that you come up with a structure for how the file system will store data in it’s 1MB “disk”. See the filesystem slides - especially the original ext filesystem - for inspiration.

Some additional code that might be useful is provided in the “hints” directory in the assignment download. You can use this if you want. Using a block structure and mmap to access the filesystem image file as shown in the “pages.c” file is strongly recommended.

To Submit
Submit your filesystem source code in a hw10 directory in a .tar.gz archive.

Don’t submit your filesystem image data file or other binary files (run “make clean” before creating your tarball). Don’t submit stray dotfiles.

Hints & Tips
There aren’t man pages for FUSE. Instead, the documentation is in the header file: /usr/include/fuse/fuse.h
The basic development / testing strategy for this assignment is to run your program in one terminal window and try FS operations on the mounted filesystem in another separate terminal window.
Read the manual pages for the system calls you’re implementing.
To return an error from a FUSE callback, you return it as a negative number (e.g. return -ENOENT). Some things don’t work if you don’t return the right error codes.
Read and write, on success, return the number of bytes they actually read or wrote.
You need to implement getattr early and make sure it’s correct. Nothing works without getaddr. The mode for the root directory and hello.txt in the starter code are good default values for directories and files respectively.
The functions “dirname” and “basename” exist, but may mutate their argument.
https://www.cs.hmc.edu/~geoff/classes/hmc.cs135.201109/homework/fuse/fuse_doc.html
http://libfuse.github.io/doxygen/
