## Basic Rules
Use the assignment description and Linux command line tools / manpages.
No other web resources.
If you happen to have paper notes, great.
The assignment is due promptly at 10:30.
## Server

```
# <user> is the part before the @ in your usnh email address.
$ ssh <user>@whisp.homework.quest
```
How to get your password will be on the whiteboard.

Stock Vim and Emacs are installed. If you want something boring with syntax highlighting, try micro; it does arrow keys to move the cursor and Ctrl+S, Ctrl+Q to save and quit.

If you don’t have easy access to scp, you can get the starter code to the server with wget and download it from the server by creating ~/www, copy your tarball there, and then visit http://whisp.homework.quest/~<user> to download.

# Part 1: Simple Integer Sum
Write a program, simple-sum.c, that:

 * Opens the file specified as the first command line argument
 * Reads it as a series of 4 byte unsigned integers
 * Calculates a sum of the integers.
 * After reading each value, prints the sum so far to stdout.
 * After reaching the end of the file, prints the total sum.

Specifically:

 * Use open(2) and read(2) to read the file.
 * Use uint32_t from <stdint.h> for the individual values and uint64_t for the sum.
 * Print the partial and final sums to stdout.
 * Make sure to keep the line from the starter code that disables buffering on stdout.

Example:

If nums.dat is a file containing the 4-byte integers (10, 21, 35), then your program should do this:

```
$ ./simple-sum nums.dat
Partial sum: 10
Partial sum: 31
Partial sum: 66
Final sum: 66
```

To test your program, you can run `perl tests/simple.pl`.

Hints:

 * The test script is looking for your output on stdout, so if you want debugging prints use fprintf(stderr, "debug msg\n");
# Part 2: Sum Multiple Pipes
Write a program, poll-sum.c, that:

 * Opens the files specified by the command line arguments.
 * Uses poll(2) to wait until any of those files are ready for reading or have reached EOF.
 * Reads a 4 byte integer from any file that’s ready.
 * Calculates a sum of the integers read.
 * After reading a value, prints the sum so far to stdout.
 * After reaching the end of all the files, prints the total sum.

Details:

 * You’ll have to read man 2 poll.
 * Use the same data types for the integer values as for simple-sum.
 * You may or may not need to make your file descriptors non-blocking.
Example:

If the two input (data1.pipe, data2.pipe) provide the data in this order (4 from data2.pipe, 6 from data1.pipe, 1 from data2.pipe, 5 from data2.pipe), then your program should do this:

```
$ ./poll-sum data1.pipe data2.pipe
Partial sum: 4
Partial sum: 10
Partial sum: 11
Partial sum: 16
Final sum: 16
```
To test your program, you can run the scripts poll1.pl and poll2.pl under tests (e.g. “perl tests/poll1.pl”).

Hints:

poll1.pl is just the simple test script running the poll-sum executable. You should start part 2 by copying your simple-sum.c to poll-sum.c and passing that test. That is a valid solution to earn those script points if you don’t get any further.
Testing
Once you’ve got some tests scripts working, you can run “perl test.pl” and then pack up your solution and submit to Inkfish as usual.
